Karlina R. Beringer 

Address: 4757 Mira Vista Place, Castro Valley, CA 94546. 

Phone: (510) 631-9783. Email: karlinaberinger99@gmail.com. 

Website: https://karlinaobject.wordpress.com/ 

Self Taught Computer Science Student with eclectic Retail and Information Technology experience looking for Full Time or Part Time Employment. 

Employment 

Restaurant Team Member (November 2019 - February 2020) 
Gotta Eatta Pita (Pleasanton, California) 
Supervised by Ron (Shift Manager) 
Duties: Preparing online orders from DoorDash, GrubHub, UberEats, phone, and email. Building stuffed pita sandwiches and salad bowls according to the specifications of in store customers. Processing payments at the cash register. Cleaning the lobby, bathrooms, and kitchen. Washing dishes. Chopping vegetables and preparing side dishes. Taking out the trash. 

Bakery Associate (May 2016 - October 2016) 
85C Bakery Cafe (Berkeley, California) 
Supervised by Joey Ng (Store Manager) 
Duties: Baking pastries (particularly Hokkaido Cheese Tarts and Portuguese Egg Tarts). Stocking display cabinets with fresh pastries and removing old and deformed pastries. Processing custom cake and pastry orders over the phone. Unloading, shelving, and counting inventory items. Providing general customer service. Cleaning the dining areas, bathrooms, and kitchens. Taking out the trash. 

Information Technology Student Intern (June 2012 - September 2015) 
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley, California) 
Supervised by Charlie Verboom (IT Collaborative Services Manager) 
Duties: Writing, testing, and deploying client side Google Apps Script and JavaScript web applications for lab employees who need to transfer cloud based files in large quantities. Writing technical documentation and updating existing technical documentation on the IT Help Desk Wiki Commons website. Testing video conferencing software and hardware. 

Education 

California State University East Bay (Hayward, California) 
Major: Computer Science (2013 - 2018) 
